*: add tidb_auto_analyze_concurrency (#18925)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```

### tidb_auto_analyze_concurrency <span class="version-mark">New in v8.4.0</span>

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No
- Type: Integer

> - Default value: `2`

Author: ```suggestion
- Default value: `1`
```

- Range: `[1, 2147483647]`

> - This variable is used to set the concurrency of executing the automatic update of statistics.

Reviewer: 这个变量和 tidb_auto_build_stats_concurrency 的区别是什么呢，描述看起来是一样的

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/430fe682-65e6-44b6-8237-b1dd4f880c39)

Author: 这个是一个 analyze 任务内部的并发。上面那个是可以并发执行多少 analyze 任务。

> - This variable is used to set the concurrency of executing the automatic update of statistics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to set the concurrency within a signle automatic statistics collection task. Before v8.4.0, the concurrecncy for each automatic statistics collection task is fixed at `1`. You can increase this concurrency to speed up statistics collection tasks based on your cluster's available resources.
```

> - This variable is used to set the concurrency within a signle automatic statistics collection task. Before v8.4.0, the concurrecncy for each automatic statistics collection task is fixed at `1`. You can increase this concurrency to speed up statistics collection tasks based on your cluster's available resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to set the concurrency within a single automatic statistics collection task. Before v8.4.0, the concurrency for each automatic statistics collection task is fixed at `1`. You can increase this concurrency to speed up statistics collection tasks based on your cluster's available resources.
```
